README.md, before:

MachinePoker Bot in GO
======================

Requirements
------------
* NodeJS
* GO 1.4.1

Server
------
Install:
~~~
git clone https://github.com/HackingMondays/MachinePoker.git
cd MachinePoker
sudo npm install -g coffee-script
sudo npm install -g bower
cd src/public/
bower install
~~~

start with: `npm run server-open`

Server URL:
`http://localhost:8080/`

Poker table (requires Flash):
`http://localhost:8080/playViewer.html`


Bots
----
On MacOS, you need to open firewall for bot.

### GOd of Gamblers
~~~
git clone https://github.com/tischda/MachinePoker-goBot.git
cd MachinePoker-goBot
go get github.com/loganjspears/joker/hand
go build -o bin/gog .
bin/gog
~~~

Bot URL:
`http://localhost:5000/bot/gog`

### Rodribot
This is another bot written in Node.js

~~~
git clone https://github.com/reyesr/rodribot-poker.git
cd rodribot-poker
npm install
/opt/local/bin/node index.js
~~~

Bot URL:
`http://localhost:5000/bot/perfect-rodribot`



Poker GO libraries
------------------
* https://github.com/loganjspears/joker/hand
* https://github.com/cmccabe/poker-odds

Commit message:

windows port
Former-commit-id: 99f1ca853da9c131d861d86ccecba92ed5ec07b5

README.md, after:

MachinePoker Bot in GO
======================

Requirements
------------
* NodeJS
* GO 1.4.2

Server
------
Install:

~~~
git clone https://github.com/HackingMondays/MachinePoker.git
cd MachinePoker
sudo npm install -g coffee-script
sudo npm install -g bower
cd src/public/
bower install
cd ../..
~~~

start with: `npm run server-open` (on Windows, you need to run this command within cygwin bash)

Server URL:
`http://localhost:8080/`

Poker table (requires Flash):
`http://localhost:8080/playViewer.html`


Bots
----
On MacOS, you need to open firewall for bot.

### GOd of Gamblers
~~~
git clone https://github.com/tischda/MachinePoker-goBot.git
cd MachinePoker-goBot
go get github.com/loganjspears/joker/hand
go build -o bin/gog .
bin/gog
~~~

Bot URL:
`http://localhost:5000/bot/gog`

### Rodribot
This is another bot written in Node.js

~~~
git clone https://github.com/reyesr/rodribot-poker.git
cd rodribot-poker
npm install
/opt/local/bin/node index.js
~~~

Bot URL:
`http://localhost:5000/bot/perfect-rodribot`



Poker GO libraries
------------------
* https://github.com/loganjspears/joker/hand
* https://github.com/cmccabe/poker-odds
